1.You may use this Package for commercial or non-commercial purposes without charge.
2.You may make and give away verbatim copies of this Package for personal use, or for use within your organization, provided that you duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.
You may not distribute copies of this Package, or copies of packages derived from this Package, to others outside your organization without specific prior written permission from ActiveState (although you are encouraged to direct them to sources from which they may obtain it for themselves).
3.You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes, and other modifications derived from ActiveState.
A Package modified in such a way shall still be covered by the terms of this license.
4.In addition to the above allowed uses, this license does allow for the redistribution of parts of the Package together with other software code in a wrapped format, including but not limited to a format wrapped with executable generators such as "py2app" or "py2exe".
However, if you wish to redistribute the complete Package either as a standalone distribution or in a wrapped format, you must obtain written permission from ActiveState.
ActiveState may charge a fee for such license.
To obtain permission for redistribution or clarification regarding your particular intended use of the Package, please contact us.
5.ActiveState's name and trademarks may not be used to endorse or promote packages derived from this Package without specific prior written permission from ActiveState.
6.THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
7.This Package may be subject to export controls imposed by applicable laws and regulations, which may prohibit or restrict the distribution, exportation and re-exportation of the Package.
You will comply with all applicable export control laws, including such laws of the U.S., Canada and the European Community, in effect from time to time, including without limitation the Canadian Export and Import Permits Act, the Canadian United Nations Act, and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and with all export laws and restrictions and regulations of the United States Department of Commerce or other United States, European Community or other foreign agency or authority, and will not distribute, export or re-export, or allow the distribution, export or re-export, of the Package or any copy or adaptation of direct product thereof, or any underlying technology, except in full compliance with any and all such applicable laws, restrictions and regulations.
