2.1 The Licensor hereby grants to You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, Licence for use and for the duration of copyright in the Work.
You may: copy the Work; create one or more Derivative Works; incorporate the Work into one or more Collective Works; copy Derivative Works or the Work as incorporated in any Collective Work; and publish, distribute, archive, perform or otherwise disseminate the Work, Derivative Works or the Work as incorporated in any Collective Work, to the public in any material form in any media whether now known or hereafter created.
HOWEVER, You must not: impose any terms on the use to be made of the Work, the Derivative Work or the Work as incorporated in a Collective Work that alter or restrict the terms of this Licence or any rights granted under it or has the effect or intent of restricting the ability to exercise those rights; impose any digital rights management technology on the Work, the Derivative Work or the Work as incorporated in a Collective Work that alters or restricts the terms of this Licence or any rights granted under it or has the effect or intent of restricting the ability to exercise those rights; sublicense the Work; subject the Work to any derogatory treatment as defined in the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
FINALLY, You must: make reference to this Licence (by Uniform Resource Identifier (URI), spoken word or as appropriate to the media used) on all copies of the Work and Derivative Works and Collective Works published, distributed, performed or otherwise disseminated or made available to the public by You; recognise the Licensor's / Original Author's right of attribution in any Work, Derivative Work and Collective Work that You publish, distribute, perform or otherwise disseminate to the public and ensure that You credit the Licensor / Original Author as appropriate to the media used; and to the extent reasonably practicable, keep intact all notices that refer to this Licence, in particular the URI, if any, that the Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work, unless such URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work.
Additional Provisions for third parties making use of the Work 2.2.
Further licence from the Licensor Each time You publish, distribute, perform or otherwise disseminate the Work; or any Derivative Work; or the Work as incorporated in a Collective Work the Licensor agrees to offer to the relevant third party making use of the Work (in any of the alternatives set out above) a licence to use the Work on the same terms and conditions as granted to You hereunder.
2.3.
This Licence does not affect any rights that the User may have under any applicable law, including fair use, fair dealing or any other legally recognised limitation or exception to copyright infringement.
2.4.
All rights not expressly granted by the Licensor are hereby reserved, including but not limited to, the exclusive right to collect, whether individually or via a licensing body, such as a collecting society, royalties for any use of the Work.
3.
Warranties and Disclaimer Except as required by law, the Work or any Derivative Work is licensed by the Licensor on an "as is" and "as available" basis and without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
4.
Limit of Liability Subject to any liability which may not be excluded or limited by law the Licensor shall not be liable and hereby expressly excludes all liability for loss or damage howsoever and whenever caused to You.
5.
Termination The rights granted to You under this Licence shall terminate automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this Licence.
Individuals or entities who have received Derivative Works or Collective Works from You under this Licence, however, will not have their Licences terminated provided such individuals or entities remain in full compliance with those Licences.
6.
General 6.1.
The validity or enforceability of the remaining terms of this agreement is not affected by the holding of any provision of it to be invalid or unenforceable.
6.2.
This Licence constitutes the entire Licence Agreement between the parties with respect to the Work licensed here.
There are no understandings, agreements or representations with respect to the Work not specified here.
The Licensor shall not be bound by any additional provisions that may appear in any communication in any form.
6.3.
A person who is not a party to this Licence shall have no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any of its terms.
6.4.
This Licence shall be governed by the law of England and Wales and the parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
7.
On the role of Creative Commons 7.1.
Neither the Licensor nor the User may use the Creative Commons logo except to indicate that the Work is licensed under a Creative Commons Licence.
Any permitted use has to be in compliance with the Creative Commons trade mark usage guidelines at the time of use of the Creative Commons trade mark.
These guidelines may be found on the Creative Commons website or be otherwise available upon request from time to time.
7.2.
Creative Commons Corporation does not profit financially from its role in providing this Licence and will not investigate the claims of any Licensor or user of the Licence.
7.3.
One of the conditions that Creative Commons Corporation requires of the Licensor and You is an acknowledgement of its limited role and agreement by all who use the Licence that the Corporation is not responsible to anyone for the statements and actions of You or the Licensor or anyone else attempting to use or using this Licence.
7.4.
Creative Commons Corporation is not a party to this Licence, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection to the Work or in connection to the Licence, and in all events is not liable for any loss or damage resulting from the Licensor's or Your reliance on this Licence or on its enforceability.
7.5.
USE OF THIS LICENCE MEANS THAT YOU AND THE LICENSOR EACH ACCEPTS THESE CONDITIONS IN SECTION 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4 AND EACH ACKNOWLEDGES CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION'S VERY LIMITED ROLE AS A FACILITATOR OF THE LICENCE FROM THE LICENSOR TO YOU.
Creative Commons is not a party to this Licence, and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work.
Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this licence.
Notwithstanding the foregoing two (2) sentences, if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder, it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor.
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL, neither party will use the trademark "Creative Commons" or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons.
Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons' then-current trademark usage guidelines, as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time.
