

0. The Jetty Package is Copyright (c) Mort Bay Consulting Pty. Ltd. (Australia)
and others. Individual files in this package may contain additional copyright
notices. The javax.servlet packages are copyright Sun Microsystems Inc.

1. The Standard Version of the Jetty package is available from
http://jetty.mortbay.org.

2. You may make and distribute verbatim copies of the source form of the
Standard Version of this Package without restriction, provided that you include
this license and all of the original copyright notices and associated
disclaimers.

3. You may make and distribute verbatim copies of the compiled form of the
Standard Version of this Package without restriction, provided that you include
this license.

4. You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other modifications derived
from the Public Domain or from the Copyright Holder. A Package modified in such
a way shall still be considered the Standard Version.

5. You may otherwise modify your copy of this Package in any way, provided that
you insert a prominent notice in each changed file stating how and when you
changed that file, and provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

a) Place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise make them
Freely Available, such as by posting said modifications to Usenet or an
equivalent medium, or placing the modifications on a major archive site such as
ftp.uu.net, or by allowing the Copyright Holder to include your modifications in
the Standard Version of the Package.

b) Use the modified Package only within your corporation or organization.

c) Rename any non-standard classes so the names do not conflict with
standard classes, which must also be provided, and provide a separate manual
page for each non-standard class that clearly documents how it differs from the
Standard Version.

d) Make other arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

6. You may distribute modifications or subsets of this Package in source code or
compiled form, provided that you do at least ONE of the following:

a) Distribute this license and all original copyright messages, together
with instructions (in the about dialog, manual page or equivalent) on where to
get the complete Standard Version.

b) Accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of the
Package with your modifications. The modified package must include this license
and all of the original copyright notices and associated disclaimers, together
with instructions on where to get the complete Standard Version.

c) Make other arrangements with the Copyright Holder.

7. You may charge a reasonable copying fee for any distribution of this Package.
You may charge any fee you choose for support of this Package. You may not
charge a fee for this Package itself. However, you may distribute this Package
in aggregate with other (possibly commercial) programs as part of a larger
(possibly commercial) software distribution provided that you meet the other
distribution requirements of this license.

8. Input to or the output produced from the programs of this Package do not
automatically fall under the copyright of this Package, but belong to whomever
generated them, and may be sold commercially, and may be aggregated with this
Package.

9. Any program subroutines supplied by you and linked into this Package shall
not be considered part of this Package.

10. The name of the Copyright Holder may not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

11. This license may change with each release of a Standard Version of the
Package. You may choose to use the license associated with version you are using
or the license of the latest Standard Version.

12. THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

13. If any superior law implies a warranty, the sole remedy under such shall be, 
at the Copyright Holders option either 
a) return of any price paid or 
b) use or reasonable endeavours to repair or replace the software.

14. This license shall be read under the laws of Australia.

The End
This license was derived from the Artistic license published on
http://www.opensource.com