

3.0 Rights granted

3.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, the Licensor
grants to You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, terminable (but
only under Section 9) license to Use the Database for the duration of
any applicable copyright and Database Rights. These rights explicitly
include commercial use, and do not exclude any field of endeavour. To
the extent possible in the relevant jurisdiction, these rights may be
exercised in all media and formats whether now known or created in the
future.

The rights granted cover, for example:

a. Extraction and Re-utilisation of the whole or a Substantial part of
the Contents;

b. Creation of Derivative Databases;

c. Creation of Collective Databases;

d. Creation of temporary or permanent reproductions by any means and
in any form, in whole or in part, including of any Derivative
Databases or as a part of Collective Databases; and

e. Distribution, communication, display, lending, making available, or
performance to the public by any means and in any form, in whole or in
part, including of any Derivative Database or as a part of Collective
Databases.

3.2 Compulsory license schemes. For the avoidance of doubt:

a. Non-waivable compulsory license schemes. In those jurisdictions in
which the right to collect royalties through any statutory or
compulsory licensing scheme cannot be waived, the Licensor reserves
the exclusive right to collect such royalties for any exercise by You
of the rights granted under this License;

b. Waivable compulsory license schemes. In those jurisdictions in
which the right to collect royalties through any statutory or
compulsory licensing scheme can be waived, the Licensor waives the
exclusive right to collect such royalties for any exercise by You of
the rights granted under this License; and,

c. Voluntary license schemes. The Licensor waives the right to collect
royalties, whether individually or, in the event that the Licensor is
a member of a collecting society that administers voluntary licensing
schemes, via that society, from any exercise by You of the rights
granted under this License.

3.3 The right to release the Database under different terms, or to stop
distributing or making available the Database, is reserved. Note that
this Database may be multiple-licensed, and so You may have the choice
of using alternative licenses for this Database. Subject to Section
10.4, all other rights not expressly granted by Licensor are reserved.
4.0 Conditions of Use

4.1 The rights granted in Section 3 above are expressly made subject to
Your complying with the following conditions of use. These are important
conditions of this License, and if You fail to follow them, You will be
in material breach of its terms.

4.2 Notices. If You Publicly Convey this Database, any Derivative
Database, or the Database as part of a Collective Database, then You
must:

a. Do so only under the terms of this License;

b. Include a copy of this License or its Uniform Resource Identifier (URI)
with the Database or Derivative Database, including both in the
Database or Derivative Database and in any relevant documentation;

c. Keep intact any copyright or Database Right notices and notices
that refer to this License; and

d. If it is not possible to put the required notices in a particular
file due to its structure, then You must include the notices in a
location (such as a relevant directory) where users would be likely to
look for it.

4.3 Notice for using output (Contents). Creating and Using a Produced
Work does not require the notice in Section 4.2. However, if you
Publicly Use a Produced Work, You must include a notice associated with
the Produced Work reasonably calculated to make any Person that uses,
views, accesses, interacts with, or is otherwise exposed to the Produced
Work aware that Content was obtained from the Database, Derivative
Database, or the Database as part of a Collective Database, and that it
is available under this License.

a. Example notice. The following text will satisfy notice under
Section 4.3:

    Contains information from DATABASE NAME which is made available
    under the ODC Attribution License.

DATABASE NAME should be replaced with the name of the Database and a
hyperlink to the location of the Database. "ODC Attribution License"
should contain a hyperlink to the URI of the text of this License. If
hyperlinks are not possible, You should include the plain text of the
required URI’s with the above notice.

4.4 Licensing of others. You may not sublicense the Database. Each time
You communicate the Database, the whole or Substantial part of the
Contents, or any Derivative Database to anyone else in any way, the
Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the Database on the same
terms and conditions as this License. You are not responsible for
enforcing compliance by third parties with this License, but You may
enforce any rights that You have over a Derivative Database. You are
solely responsible for any modifications of a Derivative Database made
by You or another Person at Your direction. You may not impose any
further restrictions on the exercise of the rights granted or affirmed
under this License.
5.0 Moral rights

5.1 Moral rights. This section covers moral rights, including any rights
to be identified as the author of the Database or to object to treatment
that would otherwise prejudice the author’s honour and reputation, or
any other derogatory treatment:

a. For jurisdictions allowing waiver of moral rights, Licensor waives
all moral rights that Licensor may have in the Database to the fullest
extent possible by the law of the relevant jurisdiction under Section
10.4;

b. If waiver of moral rights under Section 5.1 a in the relevant
jurisdiction is not possible, Licensor agrees not to assert any moral
rights over the Database and waives all claims in moral rights to the
fullest extent possible by the law of the relevant jurisdiction under
Section 10.4; and

c. For jurisdictions not allowing waiver or an agreement not to assert
moral rights under Section 5.1 a and b, the author may retain their
moral rights over certain aspects of the Database.

Please note that some jurisdictions do not allow for the waiver of moral
rights, and so moral rights may still subsist over the Database in some
jurisdictions.
6.0 Fair dealing, Database exceptions, and other rights not affected

6.1 This License does not affect any rights that You or anyone else may
independently have under any applicable law to make any use of this
Database, including without limitation:

a. Exceptions to the Database Right including: Extraction of Contents
from non-electronic Databases for private purposes, Extraction for
purposes of illustration for teaching or scientific research, and
Extraction or Re-utilisation for public security or an administrative
or judicial procedure.

b. Fair dealing, fair use, or any other legally recognised limitation
or exception to infringement of copyright or other applicable laws.

6.2 This License does not affect any rights of lawful users to Extract
and Re-utilise insubstantial parts of the Contents, evaluated
quantitatively or qualitatively, for any purposes whatsoever, including
creating a Derivative Database (subject to other rights over the
Contents, see Section 2.4). The repeated and systematic Extraction or
Re-utilisation of insubstantial parts of the Contents may however amount
to the Extraction or Re-utilisation of a Substantial part of the
Contents.
7.0 Warranties and Disclaimer

7.1 The Database is licensed by the Licensor "as is" and without any
warranty of any kind, either express, implied, or arising by statute,
custom, course of dealing, or trade usage. Licensor specifically
disclaims any and all implied warranties or conditions of title,
non-infringement, accuracy or completeness, the presence or absence of
errors, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, or otherwise.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so
this exclusion may not apply to You.
8.0 Limitation of liability

8.1 Subject to any liability that may not be excluded or limited by law,
the Licensor is not liable for, and expressly excludes, all liability
for loss or damage however and whenever caused to anyone by any use
under this License, whether by You or by anyone else, and whether caused
by any fault on the part of the Licensor or not. This exclusion of
liability includes, but is not limited to, any special, incidental,
consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages such as loss of revenue,
data, anticipated profits, and lost business. This exclusion applies
even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

8.2 If liability may not be excluded by law, it is limited to actual and
direct financial loss to the extent it is caused by proved negligence on
the part of the Licensor.
9.0 Termination of Your rights under this License

9.1 Any breach by You of the terms and conditions of this License
automatically terminates this License with immediate effect and without
notice to You. For the avoidance of doubt, Persons who have received the
Database, the whole or a Substantial part of the Contents, Derivative
Databases, or the Database as part of a Collective Database from You
under this License will not have their licenses terminated provided
their use is in full compliance with this License or a license granted
under Section 4.8 of this License. Sections 1, 2, 7, 8, 9 and 10 will
survive any termination of this License.

9.2 If You are not in breach of the terms of this License, the Licensor
will not terminate Your rights under it.

9.3 Unless terminated under Section 9.1, this License is granted to You
for the duration of applicable rights in the Database.

9.4 Reinstatement of rights. If you cease any breach of the terms and
conditions of this License, then your full rights under this License
will be reinstated:

a. Provisionally and subject to permanent termination until the 60th
day after cessation of breach;

b. Permanently on the 60th day after cessation of breach unless
otherwise reasonably notified by the Licensor; or

c. Permanently if reasonably notified by the Licensor of the
violation, this is the first time You have received notice of
violation of this License from the Licensor, and You cure the
violation prior to 30 days after your receipt of the notice.

9.5 Notwithstanding the above, Licensor reserves the right to release
the Database under different license terms or to stop distributing or
making available the Database. Releasing the Database under different
license terms or stopping the distribution of the Database will not
withdraw this License (or any other license that has been, or is
required to be, granted under the terms of this License), and this
License will continue in full force and effect unless terminated as
stated above.
10.0 General

10.1 If any provision of this License is held to be invalid or
unenforceable, that must not affect the validity or enforceability of
the remainder of the terms and conditions of this License and each
remaining provision of this License shall be valid and enforced to the
fullest extent permitted by law.

10.2 This License is the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the rights granted here over the Database. It replaces any
earlier understandings, agreements or representations with respect to
the Database.

10.3 If You are in breach of the terms of this License, You will not be
entitled to rely on the terms of this License or to complain of any
breach by the Licensor.

10.4 Choice of law. This License takes effect in and will be governed by
the laws of the relevant jurisdiction in which the License terms are
sought to be enforced. If the standard suite of rights granted under
applicable copyright law and Database Rights in the relevant
jurisdiction includes additional rights not granted under this License,
these additional rights are granted in this License in order to meet the
terms of this License.